Overall and Ethics Learning Objectives (#66)
fhdsl/AI_for_software: index.Rmd

## Learning Objectives {-}

- Explain the basics of AI and its potential for improving software development workflows.
- Implement strategies to write and debug code using AI-based tools.
- Describe the benefits of refactoring code using AI-powered techniques, such as making code readable, keeping it brief, and optimizing code.
- Apply best practices for annotating code using AI.

> - Recognize strategies for how to use AI-based tools for understanding and analyzing code, such as code comprehension of unfamiliar languages or functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recognize strategies for using AI-based tools to understand and analyze code, such as code comprehension of unfamiliar languages or functions.
```
